Add guide about links in docs (#293)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/content-guidelines/links-in-docs.md

![Different topic reference](../../assets/reference-2.png)

![Kyma reference](../../assets/reference-3.png)

## Links in documentation toggle

To link to document inside the documentation toggle it needs to start with `<div tabs name="{toggle-name}">` and end with `</div>` HTML tags, where `{NAME}` is optional distinctive ID used for links. Use of toggle is explained in detail in [this](./documentation-toggle.md) document.

If you want to link to a document in a documentation toggle, create an appropriate reference using instructions from previous sections, additionally adding `--{toggle-name}--{tab-name}--{header}`, where 
- `{toggle-name}` is value added to specific toggle in `name` attribute
- `{tab-name}` is the title of the tab containing desired header
- `{header}` is a header located in the document that you want to reference.

> Use lowercase Kebab-Case for those variables, ommiting `-` on the end of expression 

Author: ```suggestion
Use lowercase Kebab-Case for those variables, changing any character that is not letter or number into `-`, cutting trailing `-` that emerged in a process and squashing consecutive `-` into one `-`.
```
